with the quarterback you're you're
looking for leadership you know that's
that's that's natural you know it
usually comes with the you know the
position that Yvette e plays sometimes
their natural about it in terms of how
they exhume themselves on the field how
they carry themselves how teammates
respond around them when they're on the
field you know you want them to them to
have that natural form of leadership so
to speak in their presence but sometimes
that's that can be developed is that
there's quarterbacks that are just new
to playing the game that have the
physical qualities that you like that
are just learning how to play you know
and perform in that position so you get
both of those things the easier path is
obviously seen if the guy has it in them
you know when you see it but i also have
seen some guys that is developed to be
quarterbacks and and really has taken
off from the leadership and performance
aspect of the position so i was
fortunate mike my old coach Homer Smith
you know he passed away some years ago
you know I was really really fortunate
to have a guy that he coached both the
receivers and quarterbacks in the same
room he was the position coach and I
played receiver in college so but I felt
like I thought like a quarterback
because I was taught how the quarterback
was was reading defenses you know my
teaching growing up as a player was from
a quarterback perspective so I've always
felt like I've been playing the position
for a long long time but actually I
never have but I think like a quarter
west left slot 200 jet why stick where's
this Tiger Tiger Tiger nothing he's
really elevating our game you'll come
with NFL knowledge and Affeldt
background a lot of a lot of the
intricacies of the position you know
that he's seen on the next level he's
bringing down to us so we've all seen
google derek was a wonderful player for
one you know I I remember the way that
he approached his his craft you know
very detailed very a matter of fact was
a coach kind of on the field and didn't
really know it you know I saw that in
them you know when he was out helping
younger players or we're getting helping
to get people lined up or to play a
defensive particular way he would say
and provide his input as the way it
should be and and you can tell as a
young coach at that time where I was
that this guy had a knack for for
understanding the game of football and
really to to explain it you know the one
thing that I think people get is a a
misnomer about with coaching is that
they think that all great players can be
great coaches and is not necessarily the
case that it does happen that is true it
to some extent but sometimes coaches I
believe are born you know they have this
innate quality that they really don't
really realize themselves until they're
put in that situation to do it and Derek
in my mind as a young coach watching
this player develop and see what you
know how he approached the game I had no
doubt in my mind he if he chose to be a
coach and join us refreshing he'd be a
good one getting our coach darrell may
show up guys
very are smart girl pretty much smarter
person I have been around he makes you
step your game up to the nice load next
level like the pros he brings that to
table he brings that type of knowledge
and that's what you want to get next on
the next levels now very blessed happen
here we go go Oh football day let's go
your feet are all screwed up now I ain't
nothing to do with them get another snap
good good College was most of my
coaching career when i first got started
at UCLA as a graduate assistant coach
and the coach that really you know got
me enamored with profession is my my
former head coach Terry Donahue so I've
learned to coach football in the college
level and and really enjoyed it and I
felt I made my biggest impact that was
college players student-athletes in my
16 or so years at the college level and
even though I had a pretty good pro
career and experience it just seemed to
me that it was more impactful with young
people good mechanics good mechanic is
good good you know I try to make sure
it's a positive way you know that to
tell these young players who the sport
of football that you know this this game
is a lot about life there the excitement
of winning big games and then there's
the lulz and the disappointments of
losing the tough ones that we can always
learn from so you can learn from the
good and the bad